README.md, before:

# Usage

Add the following step to a GitHub workflow file:
```
- uses: concord-consortium/s3-deploy-action@main
  with:
    bucket: models-resources
    prefix: name-of-project
    awsAccessKeyId: ${{ secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
    awsSecretAccessKey: ${{ secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}
    topBranches: |
      ["main"]
```
You should replace `name-of-project` with the repository name.

This will build the code with `npm run build`, and then copy the output in `dist` up to
S3. The location in S3 depends on if this is a branch or tag:
- If it is a branch it will be:
`models-resources/name-of-project/branch/[branch-name]`
- If it is a tag it will be:
`models-resources/name-of-project/version/[tag-name]`

The list of branches in topBranches will have their `index-top.html` file copied and
renamed with the branch name.
So in this case, if the main branch is pushed,
`models-resources/name-of-project/branch/main/index-top.html` will be copied
to `models-resources/name-of-project/index-main.html`

You can see an example of this being used in this PR:
https://github.com/concord-consortium/starter-projects/pull/37

Note: we should release the action so the first line can refer to a version instead of
`@main`.  Currently there are no releases.

# Develop

> First, you'll need to have a reasonably modern version of `node` handy. This won't work with versions older than 9, for instance.

Install the dependencies  
```bash
$ npm install
```

Build, test, and package for distribution
```bash
$ npm run all
```

## action.yml

The action.yml defines the inputs and output for this action.

See the [documentation](https://help.github.com/en/articles/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions)

## Use new GH Action packages

See the [toolkit documentation](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/README.md#packages) for the various packages.

## Publish to a distribution branch

Actions are run from GitHub repos so we need to checkin the packed dist folder.

Then run [ncc](https://github.com/zeit/ncc) and push the results:
```bash
$ npm run all
$ git add dist
$ git commit -a -m "prod dependencies"
$ git push origin releases/v1
```

The action is now published! :rocket:

See the [versioning documentation](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/docs/action-versioning.md)

## Validate

The action is used in this repository by the test job in [test.yml](.github/workflows/test.yml)
Currently this test job does nothing more than just build itself.

See the [actions tab](https://github.com/concord-consortium/s3-deploy-action/actions) for runs of this action.

Commit message:

decrease branch max-age to 0, update README

README.md, after:

# Usage

Add the following step to a GitHub workflow file:
```
- uses: concord-consortium/s3-deploy-action@main
  with:
    bucket: models-resources
    prefix: name-of-project
    awsAccessKeyId: ${{ secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
    awsSecretAccessKey: ${{ secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}
    topBranches: |
      ["main"]
```
You should replace `name-of-project` with the repository name.

This will build the code with `npm run build`, and then copy the output in `dist` up to
S3. The location in S3 depends on if this is a branch or tag:
- If it is a branch it will be:
`models-resources/name-of-project/branch/[branch-name]`
- If it is a tag it will be:
`models-resources/name-of-project/version/[tag-name]`

This action currently assumes there will be an index.html and index-top.html file created
in `dist` by the build. The index-top.html should reference its dependencies using a
prefix of `branch/[branch-name]/` or `version/[tag-name]/`. This way the index-top.html
can be copied up and will be able to find its resources.

The max-age of the files in branches is configured to be 0. This way changes to branches
are seen immediately. Branches should not be used in production with high numbers of users.

The max-age of the files in the version folder is set to be 1 year. Versions should not change
so they can be cached basically forever.  

The index files have their max-age set to 0 even for versions. These files should be small
so it isn't important if they are cached. Also when the index-top.html file is copied to
the top level that change should apply immediately.

The list of branches in topBranches will have their `index-top.html` file copied and
renamed with the branch name.
So in this case, if the main branch is pushed,
`models-resources/name-of-project/branch/main/index-top.html` will be copied
to `models-resources/name-of-project/index-main.html`

You can see an example of this being used in this PR:
https://github.com/concord-consortium/starter-projects/pull/37

Note: we should release the action so the first line can refer to a version instead of
`@main`.  Currently there are no releases.

# Develop

> First, you'll need to have a reasonably modern version of `node` handy. This won't work with versions older than 9, for instance.

Install the dependencies  
```bash
$ npm install
```

Build, test, and package for distribution
```bash
$ npm run all
```

## action.yml

The action.yml defines the inputs and output for this action.

See the [documentation](https://help.github.com/en/articles/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions)

## Use new GH Action packages

See the [toolkit documentation](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/README.md#packages) for the various packages.

## Publish to a distribution branch

Actions are run from GitHub repos so we need to checkin the packed dist folder.

Then run [ncc](https://github.com/zeit/ncc) and push the results:
```bash
$ npm run all
$ git add dist
$ git commit -a -m "prod dependencies"
$ git push origin releases/v1
```

The action is now published! :rocket:

See the [versioning documentation](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/docs/action-versioning.md)

## Validate

The action is used in this repository by the test job in [test.yml](.github/workflows/test.yml)
Currently this test job does nothing more than just build itself.

See the [actions tab](https://github.com/concord-consortium/s3-deploy-action/actions) for runs of this action.
